	
	A Brief Survey of Goblins
	
	By Horace P. Fetch
	
	Slovenly, pungent, beastly; These are adjectives that we humans commonly pair with the creatures we call goblins. Though fitting, they do possess a social structure that, though savage, is not unlike our own primitive history. They are capable of organizing and respecting a hierarchy, which they have largely used to organize against humans. There was a dark time when we could only cower as they destroyed our homes and kidnapped our children, but those days are forever over, for I, Horace P. Fetch, have spent years investigating goblins up close!

	During my investigation, on a particularly eventful evening, I had managed to narrowly steal away unnoticed. It was time to arm myself with a collection of weapons. I sought fine equipment from Harold's Armor & Arms, but he had been trapped and held hostage by the swamp fiends! It should be said, dear reader: his weapons are truly the best! But the only stock he had remaining was but a brittle bronze axe. It would have to do. The next time I was near to being discovered, I would hold my ground.
	
	When it became necessary, I was able to defeat the goblins by taking advantage of their physical shortcomings. Besides noting their laughable height, on average a full ten centimeters lower than myself, I observed dozens of unsophisticated duels between them. Some things became clear: They prefer to settle petty spats with swords and fists. Their tough hides tend to leave them bruised and bleeding from these attacks, but rarely in mortal danger before yielding to their physical superior and living to fight another time. For true grudges, they wield weapons they themselves fear.
	
	The moment I was first discovered, I used this knowledge to my advantage. The scout who spotted me hailed flaming arrows upon me. Though my armor protected me from much of the arrows' bites, the flames engulfed my cloak. Thinking quickly, I rolled into the shallow water as he called for his allies, quenching the consuming blaze. Thinking me dead, I lurched from the filthy swamp and descended upon him with my axe, which shattered upon his thick, though yielding, skull.
	
	"Good heavens," most good people would say, "what about his incoming allies, Mr. Fetch?" Well, dear reader, upon seizing the slain scout's shortbow I was able to pick off another spear-wielding warrior who came charging in. It is quite like this: although Goblins appear most frightful and strong in numbers, the truth of it is that they organize poorly. With the warrior's spear and shield in hand, I was able to easily deflect the blows of the remaining sword-wielding skirmishers, running them through with the iron spear, one after the other. The real scare came from a shaman, who by some cruel mystery, had fashioned means of magical assault with fire.
	
	"But Mr. Fetch," you might be thinking, "goblins are dull-witted brutes. How could they ever wield magic?" Well that, dear reader, is an excellent question! In my observations, I have found them utterly illiterate. Certainly, the answer is that he must've stolen a red staff of fire from a poor unsuspecting human, cruelly slain while unawares! The incompetent brutes must rely on theft to mimic a human's might. While the goblin's fire did singe my brows, my fine enchanted cloak withstood the spell and roasted its sender.
	
	That's all my tips, folks! I am sure if you study my words you will find yourself better suited to defending yourself from goblins in the future. Keep an eye out for my next, coming under the title: Wooing the Succubus! Until next time!
	
	-- Horace P. Fetch
