	
	Bottle Book
		
	My name Screambleat Dunghoof, and I write book for tribe record so tribe keep the Screambleat thinkwater. 

	Screambleat write book for brew make: Filling bottle, and make different bottle.

	Satyr be good people, strong people. Satyr knows power, use power, get power. You use book to think power for using bottle. Worship Screambleat later.

	Okay, you have instructions now. Screambleat smart, use brain to write.

1. Get not full bottle.
2. Take bottle to bird bath.
3. Fill bottle up so it full.

	You very surprise, bottle have potion. More use after bottle have. Even more power for great Satyr hero you are if you listen Screambleat.
	Look hard to fulled bottles and choose to begin brew. Sometimes if start with the same brew can think what to have after the brew over.

	Have Two Brew - You maybe mix water in and make more, but maybe you ruin it and just have water instead.

	Fast Brew - Have fun on a friend, you put medicine in beer to make him run too fast into lava (oops).

	Confuse Brew - This brew confuse the brews, sometimes juice acid and beer get very confused together.

	Disappear Brew - Magic surprise come from use this brew, good for mix No-Seeing brew or very magic brew!

	Fix Body Brew - Good juice can turn to fixing your body, mixing with get magic brew (Not to fixing tails).
	
	Un-able Brew - Screambleat kidfellows put Fast Brew into ruin good beer and make Screambleat Un-able.
	
	Screambleat learn secret brews nobody ever see and he find it because he very hero to satyr:
	
	Strong Brew - No-Seeing brew with beer to be a hero but it was my last beer (gnome take the other probably).

	Acid Brew - This one many good, can do very big and loud and kill. I tried on many white bottles so have more, but do not on juice and beer to brew kill yourself and Screambleat lose tail forever.

	You and Screambleat ruin brews sometimes, and make sick feel bad brew. It can be OK to have sick brew on acid brew.
	You keep to try and then make more, use thinkwater for remembering and make gooder brews next time. 

	Keep brew and more and more!
	
	Bottle Book over.