To the Hunter's Guild and the pupils of Bram Kindly,

It was so much simpler before. When something died it stayed dead. One of the few facts of life I grew to rely on as I completed guild jobs. That fact has been challenged lately, and I've spent nearabouts a year prospecting the hills near Hamlet. Here, it's common to face an ambush by a ghoul or the skeleton of a long-dead soldier. With their prior death somehow undone, it's up to savvy hunters to redo it with courage and confidence.

These undead, though manageable for somebody of my profession, I still kill more than I'd like. As a result, I hoped to get to the bottom of the undead threats over the last year. In my findings thus far, I haven't been able to discern if they originate from Hamlet, but they do seem drawn here.

We've grown accustomed to breaking bones with a mace, or hacking apart rotten flesh with axes. But recently, at least since the Magician's Guild began researching the caves near Hamlet, more serious threats have emerged. These share similar characteristics of undeath with ones you're already familiar with.
Given their variety and power, I must advise carrying Holy Water to help defend yourself against them, especially if you seek them out as we are often tasked to do.

You may've heard kids' tales about blood-drinking dead men who can steal your life force and have all sorts of other powers. I regret to report that vampires aren't just a myth. While they are well-groomed and dapper dandies, they are bloodthirsty and cruel when hungry. Avoid them, or risk having your life stolen and used for their benefit.

I have also to caution you against a kind of ghost that I've only seen emerge recently. I must assume that it is a cursed undead spirit. I escaped with my life, but I am certain it sought to possess my body. It stalked me invisibly through dark tunnels. When it appeared and attacked, it looked like me, but oily black.
Our minds often play tricks on us as we see threats in the shadows. Now we must take that paranoia seriously.

Carry with you silver arrows, as many as you can buy, for all the undead fear them.
I regret that I don't have better news. I wish you the best of luck in your training. The realm may depend on it yet.

Karr Hecktun
