
	How to be Strong

	Mann Lee Mann



	Salutations miner! I'm Mann Lee Mann, Minister of health and strength for Herx's mining! If you're reading this, you're probably wondering, "Why do my tiny, fragile baby muscles ache when I hit the stones?" Well, probably because you're being a sissy. Wanna not be all dumb and wimpy? Good! That's why I'm here! First off:

	1. Stay repleted! Thats right! A full tummy keeps you energized, which can be used to get stronger! A diet of rare meat, cheese, and booze will do the trick. Even a simple gulp of fresh water is better than an empty belly.

	2. Always be working! Never sleep. You know what sleeps? The creepy things at the bottom of the mine. And you don't wanna be those, because they're weak! Also, Herx'll raise your taxes if he finds you sleeping on the job. Dallying around will cause you to be hungry. And you know what hunger can do to you, don't you? Of course you do! We just went over how important a full stomach is!

	2b. Always be working (part 2)! Waiting around for your next job? Colleagues taking a break? Family asking for you? Forget it! Work out! Yes that's right! Go confront some challenges, chum! Get big, work those biceps, triceps, abdomens, fabdoglims, whatever you wanna call them, work it! Not only will your lady be impressed, you'll also be able to provide more efficient work for Baron Herx!

	4. Mine BIGGER. You read that right! If the last pile of rocks was too easy for you, chances are your time would be better spent looking for the BIGGEST job and doing that instead! A mighty body is too strong for regular work. You need to go out and find the hardest task you can find if you're really going to get as strong as I expect you to be.

	5. Work smarter... AND harder! Ever rummage up some new tools and have no idea how they work? A strong worker never lets an opportunity pass them by. Mess around with new junk until you have it figured out. You'll work different muscles, and that just means that more types of your muscles will be strong. Why, every last one of my muscles is maximized to the fullest. Even my brain muscle!

	Well, there you have it! A quick guide to being efficient, strong, and a good and loyal worker! Remember, don't slack off! The Baron awards only his strongest workers with an audience. One day he may even offer you a promotion. So keep working and get STRONG.
