"Hamlet situation dubbed 'irreversible' by President Noggensem"

Today at a press conference, President Noggensem announced his decision to pull the royal army out of Hamlet and give up the fight. "The situation in Hamlet has spiraled out of control; it's irreversible. The hellspawn are killing men faster than they are going to fight. It's an overall tragedy... We cannot regain Hamlet, we can only attempt to contain it, lest we fall victim to the hands of the hellspawn."

Emotions were high, and so was the tension. There were hundreds of angry grievers who had lost family in the Hamlet Catastrophe. "I think they just don't want to put in the effort to regain Hamlet," said a father, who lost his son in the mines, "Just 'cuz it's a small town they think it don't matter, but thems is human lives, it ain't a matter of money, politics, nothin' 'cuz that's human lives they just too selfish to go save."

The President scoffed at the public outrage. "Hamlet is the most productive city in the realm. Losing it is a huge blow to the whole nation," said Noggensem, "But there seems to be no end to the opposition. We can now only be grateful that the terror is not spreading beyond the ruined city."

Following the conference, Don Crudeau, the President's representative, was quick to shift blame, "What we should be asking is WHY the Magician's Guild hasn't stepped in!" 

The district holding the Magicians' Guild of Hamlet, compared to the surrounding structures, seems relatively unharmed. Crudeau alleges that "the President has offered everything they have, but those wizards haven't come out of their clubhouse since a single tower of theirs was destroyed at the start of this whole mess."

We could not reach Guild Archmagisters for comment, due in large part to the mystical barriers blocking our entry. But we did receive a letter by courier containing this from Archmagistra Erudyce:

"Our hearts grieve for the loss of the citizens of Hamlet. It is essential, for your own safety, that the Guild be left to manage this disaster as we seek to discern the source of the Catastrophe." She writes on, "All of us would prefer to move on, but given the supernatural nature of the event, we have a duty to the people to continue our work to find answers, and avenge them."

Whether you trust the President or the Magicians' Guild, none can deny that this event will become the defining moment of the age. This historic and tragic moment will forever be the darkest day in our history.
