	Sightings of the Lich
	
	Recorded by Lung E. Ro


	For years, rumors spoke of a horrifying creature, deep down in the mines. Past the water table, sands, and ancient ruins that were uncovered by a previous generation of Hamlet's descendants. Each account of these rumors had some things in common: First, the creature appears in the shape of a man, twisted like a corpse, and capable of unearthly magic. The second, ever more worrying, the creature is formerly the ruler of Hamlet. 

	Baron Herx, who ruled Hamlet tyrannically. The one who was punished to an eternity in the mines in the miners' great revolt. Upon my arrival to Hamlet, a talk with the locals suggests everyone senses the presence of a Lich. "I was there the day we locked him way down there," reported the very elderly local. "No wholesome thing could survive down there. It could only be Herx. It must be."

	A recent account confirms this theory. I got to meet the one person who claims to have seen the Lich and lived to tell the tale. After I bought him a drink, he was willing to share his story. "He were a tall creature, and his flesh were dark. Proper dark. He had grotesque yellow teeth, and eyes that pierced me spirit. He swam through the air effortlessly, and at a speed I'd not seen ever before in me life. But I could tell it was Herx by his crown, and his cape," ornaments befitting the ruler of a wealthy barony. "And then I recognized his face."

	"He released volleys of magic that lit up the dark chamber, cackling all the while. I froze with fear as he raised an orb-fitted scepter above his head. From nowhere, the roars and laughter of demons surrounded me. That's when I started to run. He mocked me as I fled." The survivor had a hard time continuing his story. After a moment, and another drink, he continued, "I would never have survived if it weren't for a necklace me mum gave to me. It protected me from Herx's magic, it did." He claims the necklace broke during his escape, but I suppose we'll never know for sure.

	"All those explorers who come in hopes of conquering the curse of Hamlet are foolish. The ol Baron, he gets in your head. I have nightmares every night. I see him all the time. I fear I'm losing me head. His voice echoes in me mind. He never leaves me in peace. Never."

	Whether or not these claims are true, one such as myself would be quite unlikely to go and pursue the mysteries of the Hamlet mines after hearing such a tale. Though with some pity, it is quite interesting to have an inside source on the matter. With these sightings now reported, we shall see if the rest of the country, or even the world, will finally address the matter of Hamlet's terrible fate.

