	Surviving the mines
	Shopkeeper Joe



Well howdy there! Name's shopkeeper Joe! If you've found this, yur either invadin' my shop, or I'm dead. If yur an intruder, git out before I suggest you git goin' before I git to ya. If not, I'mma teach you to do what I couldn't: Survive! So, you gots to know yur enemies! Let's start with the weakest, and head up on to the meanest!


Rats: Rats ain't too much of a threat, that is, if you're prepared. But I seen many a poor adventurer take grievous wounds from the likes of rats while dallyin' about with their belongins. If you see'm comin' just a hit or two from yer weapon'll put 'em in their place. Ya might find some old cheese stashed away in their cheeks, but their fresh meat I find far more palatable. And you'll be needing some food if you plan on surviving the mines.


Skeletons: Rattlin' bones didn't always used to skettle through the mines in the early days. But some time after I set up my shop, they started comin' round. Geared up like Herx's old goons, they're not to be trifled with. Pay attention to their kit! An armored skeleton is a tougher target, as you might surmise. Still, bones and old cursed iron ain't no match for a strong arm with a sturdy stick or mace. Get the jump on'em, or practice yer blockin', and you'll be fine.


Slimes: I'd just as soon leave these thangs alone. They're stupid, and will just attack ya cuz yur in their way. They're tougher than they look, but slower'n snail snot. And they look just like that too when they ooze their acidic form out of a water pump. Unless you kill them, they just go wanderin' about forever because they don't need food or nothin' like that. So it might be for the best just to avoid'em.


Spiders: These big, nasty critters are a plague! They'll run at ya fast-like, and are always hungry. A fool might think they're sleepin', but they're just patiently waiting for their next meal, and they'll try to make a meal outta darn near everything. My tactic is to hit them til they die, and it usually works. So try that! But a spider bite may oft be soaked in venom. Some cures or a shield will make sure they don't outlast you in the mines, if you can't slay'em fast.


Gnomes: Why these buggers are a right shame, they are. I first saw'em all dolled up in their cute little outfits and little hats, they just looked like the friendliest folk I ever met. But don't be fooled, they're a greedy sort and will try to put ya down just at the sight of ya. As I extended my hand in friendship, one blasted me with lightning till my mustache hairs stood on end, and we went our separate ways. They don't really have much armour, so keep that in mind. You might want a bow or fireballs o somn' to take care of these little pests, least if you see one with a forky yeller stick.


Well thems just about all the beasties I seen down here. Time to time I do hear some other bigger thangs stompin' about, and I'm sure there's more dangerous stuff down below. But up here in the mines is enough for ol' Shopkeeper Joe. With these survivin' tips I should be ready for a long life, and if you find this book, well, I'm sure it'll help your life be a little longer.
