	The Adventurer Who Went to Hell

	Barold Jenkins B.

	Another outsider came down to these here mines to see if he could hail victorious over the Baron. He fought vigorously to the bottom, hacking away at goblins and trolls, blowing succubi and even minotaurs away with spells of great strength and power. He lost his mind somewhere down in the depths beyond the mines. The darkness and loneliness claim the best of us. But I believe he found pleasure in killing these things; it was like a pastime.

	But after weeks of killing, plundering, and moving on down through the fetid swamps, gritty labyrinths, and mysterious ancient ruins, he finally reached it: The bottom of the dungeon. He moved away the rubble and blockades that guarded the Baron, and what he saw inside made his entire body pale. A chilling wraith, with glistening attire. Eyes glowing a greedy gold, Herx was looking directly at him as if he was anticipated. 

	The Baron either sensed the adventurer's ill mind or his violent spirit and laughed a ghastly laugh, "You can either die by my hands, or you may have a chance at living as a God." The adventurer paused, and inquired, "What's the catch?" The Baron let out a whisper that somehow reached the adventurer's ears, "Your soul will be mine if you fail." The adventurer had as much hubris as he did might. "What must I do to live as a God?" The adventurer asked. The Baron chuckled, "You must fight the Devil, of course."

	The adventurer gulped, puffed out his chest, and gave Herx a stern stare, "I'll do it, and in the end, you shall serve me." A wicked grin crossed the Baron's desiccated face. He waved his scepter and blinding white sparks burst to reveal a humming portal. From it came the cries of tortured souls, wailing in the distance. Without hesitation, the adventurer walked in.

	Of course, I fled. The adventurer had not known that I surfed his wake of destruction through the dungeon, where I chronicled his deeds after he lost his wits. As a humble bard, I lacked the bravery to follow him that day, but my light feet hid me well enough to witness his courage. We will never know what happened to him, but we know for sure that he failed in his mission. The evils which curse Hamlet and the mines still remain today. But we never forget to sing songs of praise to the Adventurer brave enough to fight the Devil. May they inspire our children one day to heroism.

