The Meaning of the Labyrinth
Robert J. Betholew


The Labyrinth is an area of complex traps, dungeons, and mystery. Many a rumour and myth (such as the very famous "Runners of the Maze") come from this area of the underground. But why was it made? Who made it?

The oldest known reference to it is in the writings of an ancient Xaz'Cetian. The text, when translated, reads that the maze was invented to make it impossible for outsiders to get in so they can preserve the civilization and their way of life. Sections of the writing describe survival techniques in the maze, such as seeking out large rooms to avoid being lost in the small, often endlessly wandering smaller pathways.
	
However, it is safe to say these writings are likely a more modern myth or a folk story, and that they have done more harm than good. Knowledge of the Xaz'Cetians existence wasn't even known of until 50 years after the imperialistic age. This doesn't qualify their potential awareness of imperial humans, however. Either way, prior to their disappearance, the Xaz'Cetians were likely more advanced than we think. Perhaps even more advanced than us.

This writing also implied that most Xaz'Cetians were comfortable with the patterns of the maze, and could navigate it easily to find food, using magic to map it. Other magic could aid in sensing the locations of food or foes. In theory, they could even be alive today, cleverly avoiding contact. But they did keep some record of their fears. Gruesome scenes depicted in surfaced Labyrinth reliefs show man-like beings being hacked apart by axes and spears, the blades slipping through their rigid, winged armor. 

Most believe these ancient people have been wiped out. Arcanists seem to believe that the Xaz'Cetians have set up a controlled, artificial climate perfect for their needs, though nobody can get them to explain why they believe this. Whatever the case, the maze and the fate of the Xaz'Cetians is a bit of a Zochgrinjers Dog deal. No one knows if it's dead or alive. And likely no one ever will, as there is no record of an explorer escaping the maze once entered.

The walls shift and change every day, and are filled with monsters. One may discover devious and deadly puzzles which tempt adventurers with costly treasure, while they starve to death trying to find a solution. No one knows what is at the end of the maze. Is there an ancient city in there, blocked from the rest of the world? Or just more maze, more temptation, and more death?

The potential meaning of the Labyrinth is argued all the time, but there will likely never be a truly sound answer.
